Planning: 

users view: 
			Logs in
			view of his "Area/Army",
			can set out to go exporations/mission/task
			build structures/ units
			check resources, mine/harvest more
			trade reources
			alliance
			attack/defend

	Area/Army:
			Positioned in a world (seveal different worlds) on a locations (several locations on world) and on a specific area in that locations ( each loaction to have several area's available) //like ogame galaxy/system/position
			Limited size of area for structures
			unlimited number of units

	Explorations/Mission/Tasks:
			set units off on a mission to return with resources
			complete tasks to be rewarded with resources/units
			set units for explorations, new locations, enimies, resources, units can be encounters. 

	Build structures:
			construct structure to advance game
			Improve level of scructure to improve efficiancy of structure. 
			expand tech tree of structure list.

	Resources:
			structure for mining/harvesting resources
			build mroe and improve collections\generations

	Trade:
			Too much of one resources, trade for other

	Alliance:
			Chat with alliance members.
			co-op missiong/explorations/tasks

	Attack\defend
			Sent units off to attack a player to steal reosources
			fend off attacks with a defense on area

Area/Army:

	Planet:
			There is not limited to the amount of planets, planets to consist of locations (continent maybe) which host areas (cities maybe).
	Locations: 
			Each of the locations will host many areas which a player is given at the start. Players can then use exploration to expand to more areas and even into other locations.
	Areas:
			EAch area will have a certain number of spaces in order to build structures on. Once this limit is reach no more structures can be built. 

Explorations: 
			This is going sending units into the unknown away from the area. From leaving the area can end is meeting hostile/friendly units from elsewhere, finding a free piece of land to expand too or finding resources to carry back.

Mission/Tasks
			This is when you have a set of goals to achieve which would result in a reward. However failing the these woudl result in a loss of untis and points - more to follow on points. 

Structures:
	
	Base structure:
			This will be the initial starting point. 

	Barraks:
			This is used to build units e.g. soilders.

	Garage:	
			This is for building different stronger units e.g. tanks.

	Power station: 
			This is required to power the base, no power equals no construction. 

	Resource factory:
			debating weather to have multiple resources or not. Resources will either be mined or havest. Resources are required to build structures and units. (1 for the time being)

	Reseach lab:
			leveling to expand base, structure and unit availablilities. Possible units and structures strengths and weaponary too. 

	Defense building:
			Build turrets, machine guns and other structures for defence. 


Units:
	
	Infantry: 
			Soilders to train from the barracks. Upgrading units possible by upgrading barracks. Each have hp and ap
	vehicle:
			Mobile weaponary to build. Upgrade vehicles by upgrading Vehicle. Each have hp and ap

Resources:
		harvest resources. Requires resource factory and harvest vehicle. Resources allow more units to be trained, structures to be built and research to be done. Research to be added later. 
trade

: 
		To be added later. 

Alliacne:

		To be added later.

Attack/Defend:

	Units to go up against each other. Text based. change on hit, at to minus units hp. 